feat(guide): Collection of Custom Formats - HDR Formats - Improve description (#1760)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: includes/cf-descriptions/hdr-formats-info.md

> 💡 As with all HDR formats, Any form of HDR will look great at least better than SDR, but it may vary depending on your equipment and how the studio/filmmaker utilize it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
💡 Any form of HDR will look significantly better than SDR on supporting equipment. The overall result will ultimately end up varying, though, based on your hardware and how the studio and filmmaker implemented HDR.
```
